Add initcontainers to documentation for zone awareness. (#5559)
elastic/cloud-on-k8s: docs/orchestrating-elastic-stack-applications/elasticsearch/es-secure-settings.asciidoc

----

Check <<{p}-snapshots,How to create automated snapshots>> for an example use case.

> WARNING: If using <<{p}-advanced-node-scheduling>> in conjunction with secure settings, ensure you add an `initContainers` section to the `podTemplate` to ensure all the required environment variables exist for the initialization of the keystore.  Refer to <<{p}-availability-zone-awareness-example,Zone Awareness>> for a complete example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: If using <<{p}-advanced-node-scheduling>> in conjunction with secure settings, you have to add an `initContainers` section to the `podTemplate` to ensure all the required environment variables exist for the initialization of the keystore.  Refer to <<{p}-availability-zone-awareness-example,Zone Awareness>> for a complete example.
```

> WARNING: If using <<{p}-advanced-node-scheduling>> in conjunction with secure settings, ensure you add an `initContainers` section to the `podTemplate` to ensure all the required environment variables exist for the initialization of the keystore.  A working example exists in the <<{p}-availability-zone-awareness-example,Zone Awareness>> documentation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
WARNING: If using <<{p}-advanced-node-scheduling>> in conjunction with secure settings, ensure you add an `initContainers` section to the `podTemplate` to ensure all the required environment variables exist for the initialization of the keystore. Refer to <<{p}-availability-zone-awareness-example,Zone Awareness>> for a complete example.
```
